hey guys today I wanted to do a review
of the Too Faced royal oil coconut oil
body bronzer with Meghan Steen extract I
don't think they could have made a
shorter title for this but oh I got this
because I was supposed to be on Hawaii
and I wanted to look really bronzed and
now I'm go to New York so I guess I'm
just gonna look really bronzed and
amazing there but I tried this last
summer and I had gone back and forth on
whether I wanted to get it just so it go
by the way it's three point three ounces
and this was $35 I got it off the force
website trying to get some on my hand so
this is what it looks like when you
first take it out it's definitely not
orange it has a nice bronze look to it
it smells amazing it smells like coconut
oil and then oh and then when you start
rubbing it in okay that looks horrible I
put too much just wet it normally we do
a better job running it in like it gives
you a nice bronze look and like there's
a glow to it you see where I didn't rub
it in that well um I like the look that
it gives me I'm thinking about like when
I go to use it to just like mix it with
my lotion to put all my legs and stuff
and on my shoulders and my arms but one
thing that I have to say about it that I
don't like is it does transfer it off
so either you need to make sure you
allow you know a lot a certain amount of
time to let it dry which probably be
like 30 minutes or getting a tissue and
padding your skin down so any excess it
takes off because I don't know I just
think if you weren't white with this or
any kind of light color it's definitely
gonna get on it I haven't like I've
noticed I like on my t-shirts and stuff
when I was just like when I got it in
playing with that and stuff but I don't
think it's stained it like my t-shirt or
anything but it might depending on the
fabric it might stain it so just a
little FYI
be careful with it because you
definitely don't want to ruin your
outfit or look ridiculous in public
because you've got bronze patches all
over your clothes but other than that I
mean I think it really doesn't give you
a nice look is a nice Sheen to it I wish
it would if I stick closer there you go
but it definitely gives you a nice
bronze look and it smells amazing and I
a little goes a long way with this so I
imagine I'm gonna be having this for
quite a while the shelf life when it's
12 months I might not get it done with
then I'm not gonna throw it away either
so um that's it that's my review just so
you know this is like what the box looks
like on it and also they do not sell
this at this for and JC Penney's you
have to go to like the big one or order
it like I did so that's it thanks for
watching and please subscribe and check
out my videos and I'll see you next
video bye guys